---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-28T20:58:27.409Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-28T20:58:26.937Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: '0.'
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-28-0.md
published: true
url: 0/index.html
_type: Article

---
# 0\.

What do you think about 0?

Do you think about 0?

What does 0 think about?

Can 0 represent a point in space?

Of course, because 0 can represent the origin.

What I like about 0 is that no matter how much of anything you have, if you shift your frame of reference, even millions can transform into 0\.

And when you think of having 0 of something you actually have a million of, you go after it more. The prime example I am thinking of is money. The rich are not rich because of their money. They are rich because of their mind or their bloodline. "Penny Pinchers" may never come across a billion pennies in their life time, but their behavior changes because their mindset pulls them in a certain direction that they didn't even see happening. 

I want to change the world, so I often beat myself up on how little I've done in comparison to everything else. I try not to compare myself to people, and I emphasize change meaning energy transfer or orchestration of such a transfer. Why haven't I made as much of an impact on the well being of our planet compared to the Sun? When I meditate, I imagine their is a star resting deep in my solar plexus, protecting and guiding me on my spiritual journey. I'll do this exercise, where I start listing in my mind what a wave is (think the smallest possible wavelength, one that our eyes could not detect. What does it do? Is it aware? What is awareness?) and once my mind strays too far, I'll move up in scale, putting together as many tiny objects as I can to create a more familiar object. Perhaps all these tiny waves could come together to make a sound, or even matter. Then I increase, going through the levels of organization in the body, to the levels of organization in my neighborhood, to the town, to the state, to the countries and governing bodies, to the continents, to the planets, to the Sun, to nearby solar systems, through galaxies and galaxy clusters, all the way to the entire universe, and whatever multiverse is encompassed in the True Universe, and afterwards I leave my meditation session with an intense sense of satisfaction and bliss that I am beginning to understand my place in the True Universe just a bit more.